{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
The first draft of the new debate format I designed has the following structure: \
\
Debaters will be organised in 4 teams of 2 debaters each, and will be assigned randomly positions within the debate.\
\
One team (team S) will represent the Subject of the Motion, a person that has to take a decision.\
\
The other 3 teams (A, B and C) will be the Beliefs Defenders. They will have to argue that a particular Value that the Subject holds is to be prioritised in the decision that the Subject has to take and, consequently, what should they decide. \
\
The Motion outlines: \
- what is the decision that has to be made\
- what is the background of the Subject and other relevant practical factors that can be taken into account within the decision\
- what are the Values of the Subject\
\
It is important to note that the Motion does not prescribe to the Value Defenders a particular position on what decision the Subject has to make. They have to construct it themselves. \
\
The 4 teams hold alternative speeches (A1, B1, C1, S1, A2, B2, C2, S2).\
\
Within their speeches the Value Defenders can and should construct arguments in favor of both the relevance of their value as well as of the particular decision they constructed, as well as to engage with the arguments forwarded by the other Value Defenders. \
\
Within their speeches, the Subject team will have to outline a strong reasoning that engages and explains the interplay between all arguments of the Value Defenders, picking a particular decision. Within S1 they will pick a preliminary decision and within S2 a final decision. \
\
The debate is overseen by an Evaluator. \
\
The evaluator will first of all decide on offering debaters Commendations. Commendations represent acknowledgements of useful skills, knowledges or attitudes. A list of awardable commendations will be constructed by the Chief Evaluators of the Debate Tournament as well as the total amount of Commendations that Evaluators can offer within that Tournament. Some example commendations would be: \
- Compassionate Discourse\
- Intriguing Argumentation\
- Strategic Rebuttal\
- Inspiring Team Leadership \
etc. \
\
In time debaters that gather a particular commendation at least 3 times earn a Badge. Gathering it even more times does upgrade the badge, an unlimited amount of times, but each upgrade requires gathering 3 more Commendations than last time. \
\
They will then perform an Oral Feedback, in which they will explain to each team the scores/commendations they received, the reasoning behind them as well as giving advice on how each debater can improve in the future, based on their play. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Example motion: \
You are the parent of a 16yo teenager. Your family is middle class and lives in the suburbia of a metropolis. You have higher education. You live in a country in which Higher Education is free, but there are only a few universities that are deemed as good. The year is 2026. You evaluate that your kid is talented in music, is a good leader and has had very good STEM skills, but is also quite distracted, does not have many friends and has failed to learn a foreign language. Your kid expressed a moderate interest in studying Musicology at Uni after they finish high-school, but is also considering not going to higher education. You have a good relationship with your child. They asked you to suggest what they should do. What do you recommend your kid they should do after they finish high-school? \
\
Three Beliefs that you hold, relevant for this decision, are:\
- In life, financial stability and independence is essential for a happy life. \
- It is important to be a well rounded, cultured individual.\
- The people that you surround yourself with end up defining who you are. \
}